==Mind Effects Matter

This is a PSI experiment management tool.

* Description:

This application allows users to sign up for either a free, or premium tier.  The free tier allows the user to host one 
experiment on the application. The premium tier allows the user to host unlimited experiments on the site.

Once the user is signed up; they are designated as the admin.  They designate who the other participants are. An email 
notification/invitation is sent to the other parties.  Upon clicking the sent link; the other parties set their password
for site/experiment access.  The admin can then add the parties he selects to whatever experiments he/she chooses.

Only the admin can create invitations, and assign users to projects.  Documents regarding the project can be uploaded, 
and stored in the cloud for easy mobile access.  The app allows for full crud functionality throughout.

* Ruby version

Ruby v2.3,
Rails v4.2.5,
created on Cloud9 cloud IDE.


* Configuration

Verify Ruby, and rails installation.
Clone the project from:
https://github.com/Rick1970/mind_effects_matter
Run bundle install --without production  to load gems/dependencies from the command line.
Run rake db:create db:migrate from the comand line to create database schema.
Run rake db:migrate on the command line to initalize/create data base via activerecord migration.
Run rails serve to run the app in local host.

* See the app live at:

https://mind-effects-matter-rthornbrug.herokuapp.com

deployed via Heroku.

* Support, and contact details

Feel free to contact me at rthornbrug@gmail.com

* License

This software is licensed under the MIT license.

Copyright (c) [2016]  Rick Thornburgh

